The earth is the only planet with a large number of oxygen in its atmosphere.
Venus approaches the Earth more closely than any other planet is.
Robert Frost was not well known as a poet until he reached the forties.
The amounts of oxygen and nitrogen in the air almost always remain stable, but the amount of water vapor vary considerably.
The American frontiersman, politician, and soldier Davy Crockett is one of the most popular of American hero.
A five-thousand-dollars reward was offered for the capture of the escaped criminals.
A desert area that has been without water for six years will still bloom when rain will come.
The word “shore” can be used rather of “coast” to mean the land bodering the sea.
Alfafia is a nutrious crop rich in proteins, minerals, and with vitamins.
The deadbolt is the best lock for entry doors because it is not only inexpensive but installation is easy.
Average family size has increased from the Victorian era.
They prefer to stay in their home country because family ties.
In 1892, the first long-distance telephone line between Chicago and New York was formally opening.
Dietitians urge people to eat a banana a day to get potassium enough in their diet.
Woody Guthrie has written thousands of songs during her lifetime, many of which became classic folk songs.
The development of transistors made possible it to reduce the size of many electronic devices.
My father is a good family man, completely devoted for his wife and kids.
The bus was plenty of people who had spent many a happy hour in the stores doing their Christmas shopping.
Weather and geography conditions may determine the type of transportation used in a region.
When you talk to the old man, please remember to speak out as he’s hard of hearing.
She is among the few who wants to quit smoking instead of cutting down.
Doctors have always recommended that a person with a cold must drink fluids, such as juice or water to prevent the loss of water in his/ her body.
Alike light waves, microwaves may be reflected and concentrated.
We felt asleep at the meeting because the speaker had such a monotonous voice.
One-cent coins issued in the United States in 1982 was 96 percent zinc.
It is important that you turned off the heater every morning before you leave for class.
The children had such difficult time when they began school in their new neighbourhood that their parents decided never to move again.
Those who had already purchased tickets were instructed to go to gate first immediately.
The lion has long been a symbol of strength, power, and it is very cruel.
Nobody had known before the presentation that Sue and her sister will receive the awards for outstanding scholarships.
During the Middle Ages, handwriting notices kept groups of nobles informed of important events.
Tenant farmers are those they either rent a farm and work it for themselves or work the farm for the owner and receive payment.
Slightly over half of the population of El Paso, Texas, says both English and Spanish.
American manufactures depend on ocean shipping for most of trade with other countries.
Approximately one-third of all persons involved in adult education programs in 1970 were enrolled in occupational education course.
Natural adhesives are primarily of animals or vegetable origin.
Life insurance, before available only to young, healthy persons, can now be obtained for old people and even for pets.
It is estimated that a scientific principle has a life expectancy of approximately a decade before it drastically revised or replaced by newer information.
A largely percentage of Canadian export business is with the United States.
Some studies show that young babies prefer the smell of milk to those of other liquids.
I’d like to see him in my office the moment he will arrive.
Each of the beautiful cars in the shop was quickly sold to their owner.
It was a six-hours journey; we were completely exhausted when we arrived.
Professor Jones said that a good way to improve your language are learning to practise it frequently.
Being that he was a good swimmer, John managed to rescue the child.
Many people have found the monotonous buzzing of the vuvuzela in the 2010- World-Cup matches so annoyed.
The team leader demanded from his team members a serious attitude towards work, good team spirit, and that they work hard.
In my judgment, I think Hem is the best physicist among the scientists of the SEA region.
After analyzing the steep rise in profits according to your report, it was convinced that your analyses were correct.
The woman of whom the red car is parked in front of the bank is a famous pop star.